Clarify SDK, thin-edge.io and device-side software scope in SLAs (#4562)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/service-level-bundle/platform-sla.md

The agreement applies solely to the base platform excluding optional features or features not in general availability. Optional features outside the base platform may require a separate service-level agreement. For custom applications developed using the Microservice Hosting functionality, refer to the [Microservices hosting service-level agreement](/service-terms/service-level/#microservices-sla).

> ##### Scope of software covered

Reviewer: Do you want to marry this and the previous section? The previous one says already:
"This agreement defines the service level of Cumulocity Software-as-a-Service operated by Cumulocity. Cumulocity Edge is outside the scope of this agreement"

This section adds other aspects and leaves out thick edge.

Author: Done — consolidated the "Scope of software covered" section into the existing service description paragraph. Also added Edge as an explicit exclusion item. See commit 3f5c729.

> This agreement applies to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), including its APIs and standard web applications ("Cumulocity Product"). It does not apply to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This agreement applies to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), including its APIs and standard web applications. It does not apply to:
```

> * device-side software or firmware developed by Customer or third parties;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Device-side software or firmware developed by Customer or third parties.
```

> * open-source software projects such as thin-edge.io; and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Open-source software projects such as thin-edge.io.
```

> * software development kits (SDKs), code samples, and reference implementations, except as explicitly stated in the Support service-level agreement for Premium support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Software development kits (SDKs), code samples, and reference implementations, except as explicitly stated in the Support service-level agreement for Premium support.
```

* **Device security:** While the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform provides robust security measures, Customer is responsible for the security of devices and device credentials. {{< company-c8y >}} cannot be held liable for any leaked credentials from devices. Customer acknowledges that communication protocols and ciphers may require periodic updates to address evolving security threats. This may necessitate updates to the devices themselves.
* **End user access security:** To protect the integrity of the cloud platform, Customer is encouraged to educate users on secure usage practices, such as implementing multi-factor authentication. Customer is responsible for managing user credentials, and {{< company-c8y >}} cannot be held responsible for any compromised credentials.
* **Certificate management:** Customer is responsible for monitoring the expiration of their certificates. Expired certificates can result in service unavailability for the associated clients, and Customer expressly acknowledges this responsibility.

> * **Library and SDK updates:** Customers utilizing {{< company-c8y >}}-provided libraries, SDKs, or client code samples to build their own applications are responsible for keeping these components up to date, including applying security updates in a timely manner. {{< company-c8y >}} cannot be held liable for any security issues arising from outdated SDKs, libraries, or code samples in Customer applications. For the avoidance of doubt, {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, libraries, and thin-edge.io are provided on a community-support basis. For Premium support, refer to the Support service-level agreement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Library and SDK updates:** Customers utilizing {{< company-c8y >}}-provided libraries, SDKs, or client code samples to build their own applications are responsible for keeping these components up to date, including applying security updates in a timely manner. {{< company-c8y >}} cannot be held liable for any security issues arising from outdated SDKs, libraries, or code samples in Customer applications.
```

#### **Support**

* **Customer support:** Support is provided in accordance with Customer’s selected support plan, as detailed in the [support agreement](/service-terms/service-level/#support-sla).
* **Non-production environments:** For Premium support customers, Premium support response times and service commitments do not apply to non-production environments.
* **SDKs, code samples, and device-side software:**
    * {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, client libraries, code samples, and reference implementations are provided "as-is" under their respective license terms. They are intended as examples and integration aids and may require adaptation by Customer.
    * Device-side software, including thin-edge.io agents, device firmware, operating systems, and connectivity stacks, is developed, deployed, and operated under Customer's sole responsibility.
    * Support for these components is limited to community support channels.
    * For Premium support, additional support obligations apply as defined in the Support service-level agreement.

> * **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under an open-source license, independently of the Cumulocity Product. It may be used by Customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used with the Cumulocity Product on a recent supported version. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.

Reviewer 2: Should we explicitly state how we define "on a recent version" -> e.g. sliding window of 1 year.

Author: Good point. Something we should agree on. Not sure though if 1 year is too long given that breaking API changes that might require an SDK upgrade might be introduced with a 6 month period.

Also customers Today consider the SDK version of the yearly releases as LTS version. I don't think that this has been formalized somewhere and wether we should encourage using yearly release SDK version for the CD train.

> * **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under an open-source license, independently of the Cumulocity Product. It may be used by Customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used with the Cumulocity Product on a recent supported version. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under the Apache 2.0 license, independently of the Cumulocity Product. It may be used by Customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used with the Cumulocity Product on a recent supported version. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.
```

#### **Support**

* **Customer support:** Support is provided in accordance with Customer’s selected support plan, as detailed in the [support agreement](/service-terms/service-level/#support-sla).

> * **Non-production environments:** For Premium support customers, Premium support response times and service commitments do not apply to non-production environments.

Reviewer: See above -- might make sense to not repeat the statement everywhere because it tends to get out of sync. Maybe let's just focus on the add-ons to the support-sla.md.  (Or simplify the sentence if you want it here?)

#### **Support**

* **Customer support:** Support is provided in accordance with Customer’s selected support plan, as detailed in the [support agreement](/service-terms/service-level/#support-sla).
* **Non-production environments:** For Premium support customers, Premium support response times and service commitments do not apply to non-production environments.
* **SDKs, code samples, and device-side software:**
    * {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, client libraries, code samples, and reference implementations are provided "as-is" under their respective license terms. They are intended as examples and integration aids and may require adaptation by Customer.
    * Device-side software, including thin-edge.io agents, device firmware, operating systems, and connectivity stacks, is developed, deployed, and operated under Customer's sole responsibility.
    * Support for these components is limited to community support channels.
    * For Premium support, additional support obligations apply as defined in the Support service-level agreement.

> * **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under an open-source license, independently of the Cumulocity Product. It may be used by Customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used with the Cumulocity Product on a recent supported version. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.

Author: ```suggestion
* **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under an open-source license, independently of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Product. It may be used by customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used in a supported version with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.
```

> * **thin-edge.io:** thin-edge.io is an open-source edge framework provided under the Apache 2.0 license, independently of the Cumulocity Product. It may be used by Customer to connect devices to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and other platforms. For customers without Premium support, {{< company-c8y >}} does not provide any service-level commitment or support obligation for thin-edge.io beyond maintaining public documentation and community channels. For Premium support customers, {{< company-c8y >}} provides incident support for thin-edge.io when used with the Cumulocity Product on a recent supported version. All other usages remain outside the scope of this agreement.

Author: ```suggestion
```
